docs(self-hosting): add docs for enabling rollbacks (#8986)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/self-hosting/enabling-rollbacks.md

---
sidebar_position: 110
tags:
  - self-hosting
  - upgrades
  - rollbacks
---

# Enabling Rollbacks for Medplum Server

> Rolling back a Medplum server deployment is normally not supported, because post-deploy migrations can alter data in ways that are not reversible by simply deploying an older image. However, starting with the `4.x` series, Medplum's minor version cadence gives you a narrow, well-defined window where a rollback is safe — provided you take control of **when** post-deploy migrations run.

Reviewer: Technically correct, but I think we can start with a more positive take.

```suggestion
As of the `4.x` series, Medplum supports a safe and well-defined rollback window for server deployments, provided you control when post-deploy migrations run.

:::note
Rolling back a Medplum server deployment has historically been unsafe, because post-deploy migrations can alter data in ways that are not reversible by simply deploying an older image. The `4.x` release process introduces a clearer separation between reversible and irreversible changes, enabling controlled rollbacks under specific conditions.
:::
```
